---
Date: 2024-02-24
💫Highlight: Type here only amazing stuff happened today. It doesn't have to be filled daily. Like: "I finally conquered my [Limiting Belief] after 2 months!"
Title: A little phrase that embodies the whole day.
vote: A vote that you give yourself for how good/bad the day was the day
MIT: Type a "0" if you didn't do it and a "1" if you did it
Type: Daily           - that's automatic, don't worry about it
---
[[23-02-2024 W08 ]]  [[25-02-2024 W08 ]] Sometimes these 2 don't work but the idea is cool. 

### 2 to-dos
I don't like to create huge to-dos. I prefer to give myself a big goal and maybe create subtasks at most
- [x] **MIT:** Code the Home section of the website
	- The MIT is your Most Important Task. It's the one that if you fail, you fail the entire day. It makes the most difference in your life
- [ ] Listen to that new podcast
	- it 

- Standard - personally I like to put time spent on different categories, but you can even put daily tasks, etc. These are your standards for a quality day
	- Execute
		- [ ] 4h 
	- Learn
		- [ ] 2h
	- Share/Help
		- [ ] 2h
	- Think
		- [ ] Night ritual

### 5 things I'm grateful for
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 
5. 

### reflections
This can be about
- journaling
- more info about daily highlights
- etc.- Scared about forgetting fleeting thoughts? write everything here
- This note is needed as an inbox. 
	- Sometimes your thoughts are important but you can't process them on the spot.
	- Put anything that's new, important, but not urgent to think about. 
	- Maybe you are working on a project and you have an interesting idea. Don't lose focus, just put stuff in there for a better time.
	- categorize stuff through lists so that you don't lose important ideas when they stack
- I also use this note for daily things or tasks

### Examples
- Project 1
	- Today
		- [ ] Basic design
			- [ ] Hero
			- [ ] Header
			- [ ] Footer
	- Inspiration
		- Contact section
			- [ ] Make a rocket land every time someone clicks on a link
- Studying for an exam
	- [ ] Biology
	- [ ] Chemistry
	- [ ] Magic Spells

#### Worktable
Here you might have important thoughts that you can't process at the moment

- Anything bad probably happens because we're dying
	- The opposite of growth is dying